welcome to slash forward
in this episode we'll be examining the
deep questions of science like
what is ape and why is ape etc and in
the end
we won't learn anything at all if you
like movies that take their title from
the beat plot definitely subscribe
right now let's get to it
we open on a montage demonstrating our
nation's dark love affair with the
circus which
fades into some boys pondering the
freaks that may or
may not be on display before going on an
old-fashioned vandalism spree of the
neighborhood
dr adrian catches one by the ear and
ponders surgically transplanting his
butt cheeks to his forehead but he's got
appointments to catch up on
with dogs elsewhere the town's full
gather to bemoan how much they just
straight up hate dr
adrian but when he barges in they all
clam up like a bunch of barneys then he
makes a house call to his favorite
patient
francis who he likes because she can't
run and because she reminds him of his
dead daughter he even gives her
clearance to go to the circus with danny
and soon they're off to join the rest of
the town in the fanfare and frivolity
while the doctor has his own fun
fixing dogs that he broke and what not
as things wind down we see the usher
abusing naboo
revenge for the gentle giant violently
killing his father as retribution
or abusing him with the outcome now
foreshadowed we delight as naboo comes
out on top
starting a fire and dipping out power
slamming his way into the woods amidst
the confusion the sheriff implements the
immediate formation of a posse to help
with the circus and search for the
missing primate the carnage spills into
the doctor's office and
as the man stares wide-eyed into the
face of death the doctor is struck by an
idea and siphons off a bit of his spinal
fluid for later use
he takes his new serum to francis and
prepares her for a painful experimental
treatment
soon she does feel her heavy dumb legs
which is a positive sign
but in his excitement the doctor drops
the vial fate soon
collide as the ape sees the usher's
jacket and gets pissed the doctor hits
him with a bit of the old acid to the
face and clubs him unconscious
seeing a prime opportunity to fulfill
his kink he keeps this a little bit of a
secret
but unfortunately the next day the
hounds pick up the scent and while the
doctor is occupied with this the beast
slips out the back
so he gets back to his treatments
delighted to hear that his patient is in
pain
meanwhile the coroner gets a visit from
the city doctor and they talk about how
creepy dr
adrian is but the man he gets results
later mcnulty drops in on him to ask
about some unusual spinal injection
sites
present on several recent bodies they
received from his care dr
adrian begs for a chance to demonstrate
his progress but francis fails them all
when she's unable to walk
then they leave their own house so the
men can talk and then we learn mcnulty
was playing his cards close to his chest
as he reveals that he practically
creamed his pants when he felt a
muscular reflex
so now adrian is redeemed not finished
oh okay no problem and oh oh hey look an
ape remember the boys take a pot shot at
his titty before soiling their buster
browns and running off the gloat about
accomplishing what the rest of these
betas have only been able to dream of
the last few days
we see the doctor hard at work figuring
how to finish this thing with francis
while the sheriff arrives and fans out
his crew hoping to catch the apes
slipping and returning to his favorite
spot
sure enough the injured ape lumbers into
the doctor's yard while francis screams
about it the men arrive and kill the ape
and the sheriff goes in deep to
administer cpr
discovering the ape to be the doctor
what
but huh for instance tries to compel him
to live by walking in front of him which
does make him happy but not happy enough
to prevent him from dropping deuces on
his way out of the universe the next day
we learned francis is so sure about
walking she burned her chair
demonstrating her privilege by virtue of
the fact that she'd even
think about giving it to someone in need
well i sure would like to learn more
about what the hell happened here today
but we just don't have time we carry on
tomorrow
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching